feat: add presentation tools and database (#108)
bhklab/handbook: docs/General/Presentations/index.md

# Presentation Standards

## Talk Standards

> **Key Slides**

Reviewer: Might be nicer to use markdown subheadings instead of bold text? This would apply to all the subheadings on the page.

```suggestion
### Key Slides
```

- **Title slide**: Include your name, date, affiliation, event/conference, and contact information (e.g. email). Optional: include the BHK Lab logo and others (e.g. UHN, University of Toronto, etc)
- **Acknowledgements slide**: Include names of lab members (or can reference 'BHK Lab') and other collaborators along with your institutional affilications/funding sources (e.g. UHN, CIHR, NSERC)

**Other slides**

- All slides should include slide numbers
- Slide headings should be short (1-2 lines max) and descriptive

> - Use visuals whenever possible (feel free to take from existing presentations *Link database page)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use visuals whenever possible (feel free to take from existing presentations in the [database](database))
```

## Poster Standards

**Components**

- **Heading**: Include title, author(s) name, supervisor name (if student poster) across the top border
- **Abstract** (optional): Brief paragraph (~250 words) outlining purpose, methods, results, and conclusions

> - **Introduction**: Background information pertinent to your project to help audience understand motivation. Outline the goal, objective(s), and hypotheseis(es) of your research.

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
- **Introduction**: Background information pertinent to your project to help audience understand motivation. Outline the goal, objective(s), and hypothesis(es) of your research.
```

- **Materials and Methods**: Brief outline of materials and methods used in your work, listed clearly and logically.
- **Results**: Present data in photographic, graphical, or tabular form. Include descriptive figure titles and avoid lengthy captions. Be sure to not include abbreviations not explained in the text. 
- **Discussion**: Address results and describe relevance to objective(s) and hypothesis(es).
- **Conclusions**: Stated clearly and concisely, addressing project objectives and stating overall significance. 
- **References**: All references (publications)

> - **Acknowledgements**: Any key lab memebers, collaborators, and funding sources.

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
- **Acknowledgements**: Any key lab members, collaborators, and funding sources.
```

**Text Sizing**

Size of lettering must be large enough to be legible from approximately 2m. Use a clear and simple font between 18 point and 30 point in size. We recommend the following for Arial:

- 18 point: best viewed at 1m (for figure titles, legends, acknowledgements, etc)
- 24 point: best viewed at 2m (for main text)
- 30 point: best viewed at 3m (for section headings)

**Suggestions**

- Avoid overloading with text, use bullet points where possible

> - Whenever appropriate, use clear diagrams, figures, and table (e.g. materials and methods)

Reviewer: Grammar consistency
```suggestion
- Whenever appropriate, use clear diagrams, figures, and tables (e.g. materials and methods)
```
